[DO NOT MERGE]Remaining spelling fixes in minor sections + Dictionary addition (#4752)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/wip/deleted-pages/distributed-deployment-of-api-manager.md

# Distributed Deployment of API Manager

> [WSO2 API Manager](http://wso2.com/products/api-manager/) (WSO2 API-M) is a complete API management solution, used for creating and publishing APIs, creating and managing a developer community, and routing API traffic scalability. The WSO2 API-M includes the following five components: Publisher, Developer Portal, Gateway, Key Manager, and Traffic Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WSO2 API Manager](http://wso2.com/products/api-manager/) (WSO2 API-M) is a complete API management solution, used for creating and publishing APIs, creating and managing a developer community, and routing API traffic in a scalable manner. The WSO2 API-M includes the following five components: Publisher, Developer Portal, Gateway, Key Manager, and Traffic Manager.
```
